[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
After allowing Krillin and
Gohan to escape his clutches,
Dodoria's troubles intensified
when Vegeta appeared
from hiding,
determined to
settle an old score.
When Dodoria's best
attacks proved ineffective,
the brute had little
choice but to retreat.
Vegeta, however,
had other plans...
The Saiyans rampage
continues... now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
"Vegeta's Covert Maneuvers!
A Tragic Assault
on the Namekians!"
[VEGETA laughs]
That took care of Dodoria.
And after all that
bragging he used to do
about his strength,
it was surprisingly simple.
Even I'm impressed by how much
more powerful I've become...
Turns out almost dying on Earth
was really a blessing
in disguise.
But I'm having
a hard time enjoying
my newfound strength
after what Dodoria said.
Hey, I get it...
Those two little
runts I was chasing
were Earthlings,
weren't they?!
[VEGETA] Hmm. I'm sure
he was just mistaken,
but it still concerns me.
Especially now that I'm sensing
two sizable power levels
moving away from here.
It's probably just
some Namekians...
Even so... the fewer people
that stand in the way of me
collecting all the
Dragon Balls, the better.
We just have a
little further to go.
Bulma's hiding out in one
of these caves up here.
For this being your first
time on this planet,
you sure know
your way around.
[GOHAN gasps]
Hold on...!
You feel that?
Somebody's coming
right for us!
Huh...?
Ahh...!
Follow me!
They'll see us!
Yeah... Right!
I don't think we
should stay here.
It's too open, they're
gonna find us for sure!
Well, we don't have
a lotta options right now.
Just focus on
suppressing your energy.
I've got a feeling
it's that giant pink guy.
Aw, man...!
There's no way he
should have been able
to catch up with us that fast!
I was right on top of
those two I was tracking...
but now they've vanished.
What is going on here?
[GOHAN gasps]
Uh...Krillin... Real
bad news... Look up!
[KRILLIN]
Ahh...! Vegeta...!
He really is on Planet Namek!
This whole thing just
keeps getting worse and worse!
Looks like he's already
healed from the last battle.
I thought we had more time!
This is a disaster!
[GOHAN] Okay, I
don't think he saw us.
You see that...?
Those Scouter devices...
I don't think Vegeta
was wearing his...
Without it, he shouldn't be
able to pinpoint where we are.
Hey... You don't think he can
detect power without it...
...like we can?
We're gonna have
to assume he can.
So... he'll eventually
sense our energy,
no matter how much
we try to hide it.
[VEGETA] Ugh... Was I wrong?
I shouldn't have
destroyed that Scouter.
I'm not used to
this technique yet.
I could have sworn
there were two large
sources of power there.
Hmm...
There's another one...
smaller this time.
Someone's definitely
down there.
Let's see who it is.
Ah! He's coming!
[KRILLIN]
We're doomed!
He's gonna find us for sure!
It's coming from
behind that rock.
I don't think we have any
choice but to fight him.
We're done for anyway.
What do we have to lose?
Let's go!
[GOHAN] Right!
This is it!
[KRILLIN and GOHAN yell]
[bellows]
Great... It was only a fish.
[KRILLIN and GOHAN shudder]
[VEGETA sighs]
What am I doing wasting all
my time searching for this?
I should be focusing
my attention
on finding the Dragon Balls.
If I can just locate and hide
even a single one of them,
then Frieza won't
be able to get
all seven together
in one place.
Once he and his pawns have
done all the hard work
finding the other six,
I'll wait for my
chance to take them!
[VEGETA laughs]
And since those idiots
let the Namekians
destroy all their Scouters,
I'll have the element
of surprise on my side!
[VEGETA laughs]
[KRILLIN] Wow...
That was a close one!
I was pretty sure we weren't
gonna make it outta that one.
If it hadn't been
for that fish,
Vegeta would've
found us for sure,
and we both know how
that would've ended.
We should head back and
make sure Bulma's okay.
Just keep your energy hidden
and try to stay out of sight.
She's not far
from here, is she?
[GOHAN]
I don't think so!
[KRILLIN] We didn't
even have to fight
and I'm exhausted.
I could really use a nap.
Huh...?
[GOHAN chuckles]
[KRILLIN] Y' know...
I feel like...
we made a mistake...
Like we never shoulda come
to Namek in the first place.
We did it for all our
friends the Sayians killed...
But instead of bringing
them back like we wanted...
now even more people
are gonna die.
You're talking about
us, aren't you?
[KRILLIN grunts]
[GOHAN gasps]
[GOHAN]
Hey, there it is!
See...? I told you
Bulma was close.
[KRILLIN]
Oh, yeah... That's great.
[GOHAN]
Bulma, we're back!
Where did she go?
[GOHAN]
That's weird.
Maybe she decided to go
further back in the cave.
Bulma, if you can
hear me, come on out!
You don't have to
hide anymore, okay?
It's only me and Gohan!
Bulma...! Eh...?
Huh...?
[GOHAN]
A Capsule house...?
[BULMA gasps]
[BULMA grunts]
Where have you two been off
goofing around all this time?!
You should be
ashamed of yourselves,
leaving a defenseless
flower all alone!
[KRILLIN laughs]
Defenseless my butt.
Hmm...?
Hey...
Who's the kid?
He looks like a miniature
version of Piccolo.
He's a Namekian,
isn't he?
She's okay, really.
What happened?
Why is he here?
We'll tell you, but
first can we go inside?
It's complicated
and we're wiped out.
Not just yet!
I talked to my dad earlier,
and he told me something
that'll blow your tiny minds!
He said we don't have to
worry about being stuck,
'cuz Goku is on
his way to Namek!
Right now, he's somewhere
in space six days from here.
Uhh...
See... my dad was able
to find the ship
that Goku came to Earth in
when he was just a little baby.
Then he completely rebuilt
it from the ground up.
And if that isn't enough,
Goku is spending the entire
trip training his brains out...
Cool, huh?
[KRILLIN and GOHAN shudder]
Dad's really coming here?
Huh...?
[KRILLIN and GOHAN cheer]
Nobody trains as
hard as Goku does!
This is awesome! We might
actually make it out of this!
[GOKU yells]
Gotta push... Keep this up...
Another half an hour!
Hmm...?
[VEGETA laughs]
I can sense them...
At least twenty,
maybe more...
It must be
a Namekian village.
Wherever there's
a Namekian village,
there should be a Dragon Ball...
I'll just have to convince them
it's in their best interest
to give it to me!
[water splashes]
[VEGETA laughs]
And since Frieza and the others
have lost their
precious Scouters,
I can take the Dragon
Ball and eliminate
the Namekians without
Frieza ever knowing!
[VEGETA laughs]
I was right...
Twenty or more Namekians
with absolutely no idea
what's been happening
on their planet.
No... Frieza hasn't
been here yet.
[VEGETA laughs]
Huh...?
What is that?
[VILLAGER D]
It's an alien!
I wish to speak
to your Elder.
I believe you have
a Dragon Ball here
that I'll be taking
off your hands.
What'd you say?
[footsteps]
I am the village Elder.
We do have a Dragon Ball.
But I must ask how
you intend to use it.
What you "must" do is hand
it over to me... right now.
I will not... I sense an
unspeakable evil in you.
You are not worthy to
possess our Dragon Ball.
[VEGETA laughs]
Then you die.
[GROUP gasps]
Bang.
Ahh...!
[VILLAGER RED yells]
[VILLAGER RED groans]
[thud]
[VEGETA laughs]
[KRILLIN chews]
Huh...?
I know it's not the best
food in the world,
but if you want to
keep your strength up,
you have to eat something.
[BULMA sighs]
If I'd been through what
he's just been through,
I wouldn't have
much appetite, either.
Good point... Guess I never
thought of it like that.
Namekians don't eat
food to survive...
We don't need
anything but water.
You're kidding...
But there were all those
fields around your village.
If all you do is drink water,
what would you want to
grow all those plants for?
The plants you saw
are Ajissa saplings.
Oh. And those
are what exactly?
Well... The Elder says
that a long time ago,
Planet Namek was covered with
thick, beautiful groves
of Ajissa trees.
They were everywhere.
But then...
The weather suddenly changed.
The Ajissa trees were
almost wiped out.
And so was Planet Namek.
We found the few Ajissa
trees that survived,
and now we're trying
to grow more of them
so we can make
Namek beautiful again.
[GOHAN] Hey...
I don't think you ever
told us your name.
Dende...
And not to be rude,
but would you mind telling me
exactly what you're doing here?
[KRILLIN grunts]
You just felt that
too... right...?
Somethin's up.
[BULMA]
What's going on?
We're not about to be
attacked again, are we?
[KRILLIN] No... Well...
Maybe, but that's not it.
Energies are dropping
off, one by one.
[BULMA gasps]
Like... there's
a big fight going on...
and... the Namekians are losing.
[DENDE gasps]
Look... we know
who's behind this...
Only one person could
be that heartless...
It must be Vegeta...
He has to be attacking
another village somewhere!
Him...? That monster doesn't
care who he hurts, does he?
No... And on top of that,
he's figured out a way
he can sense energy without
using one of those Scouters.
That's a problem.
We're gonna have to
be really careful... Lay low.
At least for now... Jeeze!
We still don't even know
if Vegeta is working alone
or if he's just following
that Frieza guy's orders.
[KRILLIN] Not that it matters.
If either of them gets their
hands on the Dragon Balls,
nobody is safe!
I don't know how
we'd go about it,
but we need to find
one of the Dragon Balls
and hide it somewhere they
wouldn't think to look,
they can't summon the
dragon if they only have six.
[GOHAN]
We can't do that!
If we did, they'd keep
looking for the last one.
They wouldn't stop
torturing the Namekians
until they found it!
No...! My people!
[KRILLIN] It doesn't
matter what we do.
We can't hold
them off forever.
It's like...
we need Goku's help,
but even when he gets here
there's no guarantee
he can beat them.
This sucks!
[KRILLIN grunts]
I should've finished off Vegeta
the second I had the chance!
[DENDE] Please... I
know nothing about you.
What are
you doing here?
Tell me! Where
did you come from?
And how do you know so much
about the Dragon Balls?
And... please tell me you'll
help us save Planet Namek!
[VEGETA yells]
[groans]
[thud]
[VILLAGE ELDER grunts]
You... You demon...!
Why...? Why are you
doing this to us?
[VEGETA] I get
the distinct feeling
you're not going to
give me the Dragon Ball.
No! I'll never hand over
our Dragon Ball to scum.
[VEGETA laughs]
You certainly are a
thick-headed old fool.
Okay, then...
Let's see... Where to look?
Hmm...
In here, maybe?
Wait!
[VEGETA grunts]
You... were getting
on my nerves.
[VEGETA] Ha, Ha!
I was expecting to
have to hunt for it,
but alas... It might as
well be gift-wrapped.
[KRILLIN] Turns out that
Kami was actually a Namekian
who came to Earth
when he was young.
Maybe about your age.
We figured since
he was the one
who created the Dragon
Balls on our planet,
we might find more on Namek and
wish our friends back to life.
If this works
the way we hope,
the Earth's Dragon Balls
should be restored
at the same time
as our friends.
Oh... that pretty much
explains everything.
And that's how those bad guys
found out about
the Dragon balls, too.
[DENDE shudders]
You all have to come with me.
Hurry... I've got to take
you to the Grand Elder!
Please, come...! The Grand
Elder will know what to do!
[BULMA gasps]
Who's the Grand Elder?
Is he like your
king or something?
I don't know what that is,
but the Grand Elder gave
birth to all the Namekians.
When the weather on Namek
suddenly changed,
he was the only survivor!
He's also the one
who started trying to
bring the Ajissa trees back!
He takes good care of me
and my hundred and seven
older brothers and sisters.
Wait, but... if... if he
was the sole survivor,
how was he able
to have children?
Same way as everyone else...
He hatched us from eggs
that came out of his mouth.
Uh... yeah...That's
not strange or anything.
So... that means your elder's
actually a woman, right?
Because you keep saying "he"...
"Wo... man"...?
What does "woman" mean?
[BULMA] You know,
a female... A girl...!
If the Grand Elder laid
an egg out of her mouth,
she must be female!
There are two kinds
of Namekians, right?
Your mother is a girl...
and your father is a boy!
Two kinds of...
That's... weird.
Uhh...
Wow, it sounds like they really
only have one gender here...
How boring is that?
I don't know, I don't think I
could handle being Namekian...
Not for long.
Look, this is all really
fascinating and everything,
but why do you want
us to come with you
to meet your Grand Elder?
Well... When those people
attacked our village,
they said they'd already
collected four of
the Dragon Balls from four
other neighboring villages.
And... over there...
You said a lot of energies just
disappeared in that direction.
Right?
That someone had attacked
more of my people?
[KRILLIN] Probably
so... yeah...
Maybe a guy
named Vegeta.
[GOHAN] And it wasn't just
a lot of energies, Dende.
It was all of them
in that direction.
If so... then I guess...
that makes me one
of the last Namekians
left on the whole planet.
This is terrible.
We're gonna have to
assume that Vegeta found
the Dragon Ball in that
village while he was attacking,
which means there's
only one them left.
[KRILLIN]
This is a long shot, but...
does the Grand Elder have
one of the Dragon Balls?
Yes... he does.
No...! This is bad!
[GROUP gasps]
Frieza can't find it because
he doesn't have a Scouter...
but now that Vegeta can sense
energy without one, he can!
If Vegeta keeps
searching out Namekians,
he'll eventually find
his way to the Grand Elder!
And when he does,
he'll steal the seventh
Dragon Ball from him!
Then we have to go
warn the Grand Elder...!
Now...! Before
something horrible happens!
You've got to
come with me!
Please, I'm begging you!
He's right, you
have to go with him...
I don't wanna think
about what it'd be like
if Frieza or Vegeta
wishes for eternal life.
Fine, let's go...
But we don't have much time.
We have to move fast!
Right!
I'll go with Dende to see
the Grand Elder... but...
I want you and
Bulma to stay here.
It's safer that way.
There's no point
in all of us going.
Just take
care of Bulma.
Yeah, okay.
But be extra careful out there.
We'll be back!
[KRILLIN laughs]
Hold down the fort
and we'll see you soon!
Okay!
[VEGETA]
Ah... Perfect.
No one would think to
look for it underwater...
And I'll be the only one
who knows where it is.
[VEGETA laughs]
That should give
me plenty of leverage.
[VEGETA] Frieza already
has five Dragon Balls,
and I have the sixth.
There's only one left.
Where is it?
I can't help but wonder what's
taking Dodoria so long...
Taking care of those runts
shouldn't be that difficult.
[FRIEZA] It's not
that important.
If Dodoria has trouble catching
a couple of children,
then what use is he?
Forget him...
For now, your task
is to locate the
remaining Dragon Balls.
[APPULE] We're not going
to let you down, Frieza.
There aren't
many villages left,
so the last two Dragon Balls
shouldn't be hard to find.
If we split up,
I'm sure we'll be able to find
the other villages
relatively quickly.
[FRIEZA]
In that case,
I suppose I'll just take
these five back to the ship
and wait for you there.
You won't disappoint me.
Not now that we're so close
to using these little toys
to grant my immortality.
[APPULE and ZARBON] Sir.
[ZARBON] You start
heading that way.
I'll go the other...
If you come across a village,
don't do anything
until you notify me.
Some Namekians have
decent power levels.
You can't handle
more than one.
In any case, we'll meet
back on the spaceship
in exactly three hours.
[APPULE] Yes, sir.
I have to consider the
possibility that Vegeta has
found one or both of
the Dragon Balls I need...
But either way,
I'm certain he'll try to come
after the ones we already have.
Who knows...?
He may even bring the last
two Dragon Balls right to me.
I doubt that he's
stupid enough to walk
into the enemy camp with them,
but I'll be happy to take
them from him if he does.
[FRIEZA laughs]
Vegeta might still be working
for me and not even realize it!
[FRIEZA laughs]
Yes. I'll wait for the
Dragon Balls to come to me.
[FRIEZA laughs]
[rumbling]
[KRILLIN]
I'm worried...
Vegeta seems like he's a lot
stronger than he was on Earth,
and that Frieza guy's power
level is even higher than his.
I don't know what kind
of training Goku is doing,
but whatever it is,
it might not be enough
to handle those two together.
Our only chance is to
find the Grand Elder,
get the last Dragon Ball,
then keep it hidden
until Goku gets here.
And when he does,
we're still gonna need
some kind of miracle.
Heh... I guess
it's a bad sign
when you start
relying on miracles.
I'm probably going
to die here...
and I've never even
had a girlfriend!
[NARRATOR] Planet
Namek is under seige!
Not only Frieza,
but now Vegeta has begun
his spree of terror.
And Krillin is just one
chance to slow them down
until Goku arrives!
The race is on...
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey! It's Goku!
Finally, I'm getting
used to training
in twenty times
Earth's gravity!
[KING KAI]
Glad to hear it!
Anywhoo, I had some
visitors stop by earlier!
[GOKU]
Visitors? That's great,
but what does your social
life have to do with me?
[KING KAI] Everything!
Unless I'm mistaken,
you should know
these four very well!
[GOKU]
Four of 'em, huh?
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
"Friends Reborn! Zarbon's
Hideous Transformation!"
[GOHAN] Hang on, Piccolo!
I'll see you real soon!